# MY NETWORK: Responding to the Coronavirus
<br><i>This project was sourced from my friends, family, and fellow students. In this time of crisis, communication adn connection are essential needs, but the inability to be with one another in person due to the risk of infection means that those needs (among many others) are unmet.</i><br> <br>
<i>Each of the entries are a response by an anonymous participant. </i><br><br><br>
<html>
<head> </head>
<body>
<h3 align="center">a page for public venting, grieving, and feeling in this time of crisis</h3><br><br>
    <body>
        <h5> Entry 1: How am I feeling? </h5>
            <p> I am feeling a mixture of emotions. They change from moment to moment and day to day. Worried. Calm. Stressed. Relaxed. Appalled. Distracted. Sad. Entertained. Disappointed. Focused. Vulnerable. Proud. Insignificant. Loved. Devastated. Hopeful. <br><br>Coronavirus has made me more appreciative of the small, simple things in life — going out to eat, working on my computer in a café, having a game night with friends. It has also made me realize just how many aspects of life as we know it are inessential and non-guaranteed. I feel more connected to all of humanity than ever since this is a uniquely shared experience. <br><br>I am predicting that it will take awhile to return to any sense of normalcy. I think, and hope, that people will have a newly found appreciation for many things, including just the opportunity to be alive. I think that everyone who endured this will be forever influenced by this, in some way or another. I am looking forward to spending time with my family and friends and traveling. </p> <br>
            <h5> Entry 2: Things Have Been Rough </h5>
            <p> After having to have emergency surgery in this craziness, having my 7 year old constantly has been a struggle as well. Financially we aren’t stressed out because Tim is an essential worker. Life has not changed, not really, besides having my son home at all times. <br><br>In the future I am hoping that we learn from this and are more medically equip for issues like this in the future. But I think that some of the changes are good. Pollution in the air is clearing up, at national parks animals are repopulating. I am most looking forward to spending time with friends and family again with our worry.<br><br>
 </p>
        <h5> Entry 3: Looking Forward to the End </h5>
            <p> Honestly, I'm annoyed. I know the virus is nothing to take lightly, but it's annoying to see hours reduced at stores, not being able to shake hands, not be able to get toilet paper, etc. <br><br>How has it changed my life/perspective? I feel that it hasn't really changed my perspective much. I do wonder sometimes if this is what it's like to live in a small town that doesn't get a lot of shipments in to stock what I would normally consider essential. It's changed my life in the way that I cannot prospect to people for real estate. I am an in person solicitator and I'm good at it. I'm not very good at trying to solicitator business digitally. <br><br>I predict that it will last longer than anyone anticipates. And that digital communication will become more of a norm. Those that are introverted will become more so because they have figured out a way to do so. And delivery will become even bigger than it was before. <br><br>Really, I'm looking forward for it to end. I would like to be able to see my friends and family without much lashback. I look forward to a vaccine so that we CAN go back to normal. And I look forward to seeing how it changes the world and how the world operates.</p><br>
        <h5> Entry 4: Bombard Our Communities </h5>
            <p> I'm feeling tressed, not financially, but stressed for my children. They love going to daycare, and we just started to have LPS come out for visits for my daughter. To help her and us teach her! In all honestly the virus hasn’t changed my perspective on life, besides, now I feel I’m home to do more projects I’ve wanted to finish, but my day revolves around my children. <br><br>It may be months at hand, but I’m hoping a vaccine is created, and well have a little COVID parade and bombard our favorite restaurants and movie theaters, and tell our family and friends we love them more. <br><br>I'm looking forward to my kids going back to daycare, and I can’t wait to have someone more professional help us in the world of Autism. And a normal sleep routine for everyone, waking up at 2 am the last few nights with a child is exhausting!
</p><br>
        <h5> Entry 5: There is Hope </h5>
            <p>The sun is shining, the birds are singing, a warm cat is snuggled next to me.  For a moment, just a moment, all is well with the world. And then I remember. And then I look at my phone. And then I wonder how my family, all in different places, I wonder if they are alright.  Are they sick? Is it allergies? Have they been careful? Are they washing their hands? Are they wearing their masks? Are they limiting going out in public? <br><br>
Sleep? Sleep is treacherous, unpeaceful, stacchato.  A sinkhole of anxiety ridden thoughts, dreams, terrors.  Who will succomb? Will it be someone in my family? Will it be me? Will I have time to write and compose, not only a makeshift will, but my love for my children on paper?  Will I be able to convey just how much they mean to me, just how much I do not want to leave before my time? <br><br>
There are many ways to die.  I realize that death is inevitable.  But to die alone, to die suffering, to die without holding your loved one’s hand, to die without saying goodbye, to die and have your body placed in a semi-truck piled along with the others, stacks upon stacks, no funerals, just the end.  This is not the way any of us would hope to end. <br><br>
Hope.  There is hope.  There is Hope.  There are people helping others, there is music, there are brave and tireless healthcare workers, grocery store workers, restaurant workers, volunteers and many more.  There is hope in the earth healing.  Will we survive? Will we learn from this passage in history? Only Time will reveal that answer.  And I, I hope selfishly, that my family and I will see that future. 
 </p><br>
        <h5> Entry 6: Drifting in the In-Between </h5>
            <p>I am writing this now from my bedroom where I have spent the majority of my life for the past two years. Isolation, or quarantine, does not affect my day to day life in the way that it does for so many others. I work from home and look to the internet for my social interactions and distractions. But still, as a person who suffers from anxiety on many scales, I feel sick to my stomach when I read the news and see my home country of the United States be sent further into ruin because of the people who run it with a careless disregard for the majority of the struggling population. <br><br>I worry about my family, my grandmother, who has been given off time from her day job. Knowing their reopening at the behest of 'getting the economy moving' at the sacrifice of others means sacrificing people like her, people like my aunt with cancer, people like my sister with an autoimmune disease. The amount of leftist propaganda on my news feeds is just as troubling as the right; it seems that everyone is anti-logic and my friends and family are stuck somewhere drifting in the in-between. I don't have any predictions for the future, and any inklings of what will come are shrouded in darkness I'd rather not put into words. I look forward to the day where I can see the people I love again.<br>
</p> <br>
        <h5> Entry 7: Quarantine Dreams </h5>
        <p> In a way, how everyone feels during this pandemic is likely how I should feel all the time. With a compromised immune system, I get sick often. Whenever I hear someone in my vicinity is ill, I always assume I will shortly follow. Weirdly enough, that hasn’t been my experience for a bit. I haven’t gotten ill in nearly a year. When my coworkers got the flu this winter, I didn’t. When my hair stylist was ill while I spent four hours with her as she took my hair from red to blonde, I didn’t get sick. When my boyfriend, who I kiss and sleep next to every night, was ill recently, I still didn’t get sick. <br> <br> In a way, it’s a lot more frightening to have this healthy departure from normal. I cannot say why it happened. Maybe it’s because I primarily only drink water now. Maybe it’s because I’ve actually started exercising regularly. Maybe it’s because I have changed my diet. I don’t really know. Either way, I haven’t suffered as much as I’m used to, and I don’t want not-suffering to become my baseline in case the suffering comes back. <br> <br> Which leads me into covid-19. The second I heard about it’s spread to the U.S., I assumed I would get it. I assumed it would be like the flu, like the time I got swine flu, and I would suffer for a week or two and then it would be over. I wasn’t worried. <br> <br> That changed primarily when I spoke to my friend who had recently graduated from medical school. Maybe it was because, even over text, I could hear the panic in her voice. I realized this is different. I realized that, despite me being an otherwise healthy young adult, that this could kill me. Or hospitalize me. Or permanently damage my lungs. Now, I feel a lot more afraid. <br> <br> I’m a homebody in general. I didn’t go out much and dreaded having plans before this. I miss it now, the plans I always wanted to cancel on I now wish I could do. I feel more scared, more vulnerable than ever before, and it also makes me angry. I’ve felt a lot of anger in quarantine, a lot of ennui, and a lot of regret I didn’t do things differently. They’re all pointless emotions, as they do not fix anything and I can’t change anything at the moment. Still, they cloud my thoughts every day. <br> <br> Every time I dream, I dream an alternate reality version of my past, where things are different and work out better. These quarantine dreams haunt me when I wake up. I try not to think about it. There isn’t much else to say.</p><br>
    </body>
    <h5> Entry 8: I Want Zombies! </h5>
    <p> As far as the personal impact of the virus, things have stayed relatively the same. I am fortunate
enough to be in a situation where I don’t have bills to pay or any recurring payments. I’m an
actor (which that kinda sucks) so by the time this all started I was making plans to move out of
state for a contract, which has been suspended indefinitely at the moment. So the good news
was that I already had things squared up here; the bad news, I don’t know if my contract will
happen. I’ve never really been a person to dwell on things so while the lack of certainty on my
future does present some problems, whatever happens, happens and I will roll with the
punches. <br><br> Now on a larger scale, I think it’s interesting seeing different countries approach to the
virus and the reception of those actions (both globally and by their citizens). As well as the
opinions on the severity of it. There’s no doubt that the virus is a real thing and is affecting
everyone on a global scale; now will it end soon? Who knows. I certainly hope it does but for the
immediate future, it looks like it’s here to stay and even past that may just be apart of our lives
forever. That does sound super grim and depressing but I also think that as time goes on we will
learn more about the inner workings of this bad boy and then build a working vaccine or that we
develop a herd immunity towards it. Who knows when either of those will happen so for now just
gotta live day to day and stay updated on future developments as they arise. <br><br>Lastly, next time
this shit happens, I want zombies! I rest my case, your honor.</p>
    <br>
    <h5> Entry 9: Under No Illusions </h5>
    <p>I am feeling stressed with the coronavirus situation right now. Not leaving home doesn't really bother me so much as trying to explain to my four year old why life is so different now. It's hard to find a balance of making the gravity of it make sense and not scare her. <br> <br> I'm feeling more stress now as there start to be shortages. I know we have been privileged for sure when I feel uncomfortable having to explain to my kid why we can't go out and get the food she's asking for on a moment's notice, but it goes beyond that too--even simple things like baking soda for a doctor-prescribed soak for my baby are more complicated right now. <br> <br> I worry for my family and friends, mainly my husband's side of the family in a developing country abroad--but it seems here in America we are even more behind in testing and finding a cure because of all the politics. <br> <br> We'd just returned from a three-month long trip when all this started so we haven't really been back to "real life" in a long time. I look forward to spending time with friends again, hugging my mom, seeing my mom be able to touch and play with my kids again... but I am under no illusions about the future. This isn't just going to go away. <br><br> I think this will be part of our lives for a long time to come. Like generations before us with other crises, I think we will be scarred by this. We are already rationing, already recognizing how important health is to the public, becoming more grateful for those small video chats the simple pleasure of standing six feet away from an old friend. I know this will have impact on everyone for the rest of our lifetime. I was looking forward to sending my girl off to kindergarten this fall, to travel, to so many things, but to be honest I'm trying not to think ahead to too many things right now because we have no idea what life will look like in a few months or even a year.  </p>
    <br>
    <h5> Entry 10: If I Survive</h5>
      <p> When I was forced into social isolation, there was no handbook. There was no message of
togetherness or solidarity or hope. There were negative judgements and comments. Friends
began to forget me, because it was easier than changing how we spend time together.
I was diagnosed with epilepsy and a rare autoimmune disease ten years ago. With an
uncontrolled seizure disorder, I could no longer drive and risked having a seizure every time I
ventured out of the house. With an autoimmune disease, immune suppressing drugs meant
hand washing, cleaning surfaces, wearing masks and social distancing were often second
nature. <br> <br>
When the coronavirus hit, it felt like the world that chose to ignore people who have to live like
me joined me on my couch. Articles about how to "survive" a quarantine were everywhere, filled
with much of the advice I had to learn the hard way. For me, the pendulum swings between
feelings of bitterness and hope that now, people might understand. For years, I've had to fight like hell for reasonable accommodations that would allow me to learn or work. Accommodations that include some degree of remote learning or working. Overnight,
businesses and schools restructured their operations to allow as many people as possible work
and learn from home. Again, my feelings are divided. Why couldn't my school, with the
capability to accommodate my disability, take the time to work with me, and those like me? I
also desperately hope that the changes forced by this pandemic become commonplace in our
schools and workplaces. <br> <br>
That is, if I survive. I would be foolish to think this disease will pass over me and my house,
despite our vigilance. I pray it will spare me and those I love, or that if it does not, it is mild. But
realistically as a high risk person, as a disabled person, I'm terrified. Our culture has a history of
ignoring disabled people, and sometimes worse. I've read more than one article in major papers
and seen people speak on television networks about the deaths of high risk people as an
acceptable loss to open the economy. Worse still, as we've seen in hard hit countries around the world, I'm terrified if we need to ration care. If doctors are forced to choose between my life and someone who is healthy, will I be
denied care? <br><br>
It's already become clear that people with chronic illnesses and disabilities are being denied
critical care or medication. Lupus patients are being denied hydroxychloroquine refills. Other
patients are having necessary procedures or in-clinic treatments cancelled to reserve resources.
Despite all of this, I'm hopeful. One thing I could add to a survival guide is that hope is
necessary to survival, especially in the darkest times of our lives. </p>
